fix: loki source file read legacy position (#4275)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/loki/loki.source.file.md

You can use the `tail_from_end` argument when you want to tail a large file without reading its entire content.
When set to true, only new logs are read, ignoring the existing ones.

The `legacy_positions_file` argument is used when you are transitioning from Grafana Agent Static Mode to Grafana Alloy. 

> The format of the position files is different in Grafana Alloy, so this will convert convert it to the new format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format of the positions file is different in Grafana Alloy, so this will convert it to the new format.
```

This operation only occurs if the new positions file doesn't exist and the `legacy_positions_file` is valid.

> When `legacy_positions_file` is set Alloy will first try to find the position identified by path and labels, if not found
> it will try to find the positon using path and empty labels to use as a start offset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `legacy_positions_file` is set, Alloy will try to find previous positions for a given file by matching the path and labels, falling back to matching on path only if no match is found.
```

You can use the `tail_from_end` argument when you want to tail a large file without reading its entire content.
When set to true, only new logs are read, ignoring the existing ones.

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
The `legacy_positions_file` argument is used when you are transitioning from legacy. The legacy positions file is converted to the new format.
This operation only occurs if the new positions file doesn't exist and the `legacy_positions_file` is valid.
If you add any labels before `loki.source.file`, then the positions file conversion won't work.
The legacy positions file didn't have a concept of labels in the positions file, so the conversion assumes no labels.

> {{< /admonition >}}

Reviewer 2: IIUC, ignoring the labels is assuming that a file is only present once in `targets`? And the reason for tracking labels in Alloy's loki.source.file is that a file may be present more than once, with different labels? If that's the case should we check if a file is present more than once and return a warning?

There must be a reason for tracking the labels, so I'm just wondering what could possibly break if we don't.

Author: Yeah I have not found the reason for also tacking labels. I can try to figure out why did was done. It is possible to tail the same file if we have several targets with different labels but the same __path__.
